Gene symbol	Description	Putative function	Reported in other studies in relation to Ovarian cancer	Reported in other studies in relation to Other type of cancer	over/underexpressed
NPEPPS	Aminopeptidase puromycin sensitive	Aminopeptidase with broad substrate specificity to several peptides. Involved in proteolytic events essential for cell growth and viability.	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
UGTREL1	UDP-galactose transporter related	Function unknown	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
RPA1 4	Replication protein A1(70 kDa)	Single-stranded DNA-binding protein, has roles in DNA replication, repair and recombination.	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
PFN1	Profilin 1	Regulates actin polymerization in response to extracellular signals.	No	Yes	Overexpressed genes3
SLC25A11	Solute carrier family 25 (mitochondrial carrier, oxoglutarate carrier). Member 11	Catalyzes the transport of 2-oxoglutarate across the inner mitochondrial membrane in an electroneutral exchange for malate or other dicarboxylic acids.	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
NUP88	Nucleoporin 88 kDa	Nuclear pore complex component implicated in transport.	Yes	Yes	Overexpressed genes3
GPS2	G protein pathway suppressor 2	Suppresses g-protein- and mitogen-activated protein kinase-mediated signal transduction.	No	Yes	Overexpressed genes3
E2-EPF 4	Ubiquitin carrier protein	Family member of enzymes known as ubiquitin carrier proteins, or E2s, which are an essential component of the ubiquitin–protein conjugation system.	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
MAC30 4	MAC30 hypothetical protein	Function unknown.	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
TOP2A 4	Topoisomerase (DNA) II alpha (170 kDa)	Control of topological states of DNA by transient breakage and subsequent rejoining of DNA strands. Topoisomerase II makes double-strand breaks.	Yes	Yes	Overexpressed genes3
BLMH	Bleomycin hydrolase	The normal physiological role of blm hydrolase is unknown, but it catalyzes the inactivation of the antitumour drug blm (a glycopeptide) by hydrolyzing the carboxamide bond of its b-aminoalaninamide moiety thus protecting normal and malignant cells from blm toxicity.	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
CDC6	CDC6 cell division cycle 6 homolog (Saccharomyces cerevisiae)	Regulator at the early steps of DNA replication.	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
UBTF 4	Upstream binding transcription factor, RNA polymerase 1	Recognizes the ribosomal RNA gene promoter and activates transcription mediated by RNA polymerase 1 through cooperative interactions with the species-specific factor S11.	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
NMT1	N-myristoyltransferase 1	Adds myristoyl group to N-terminal glycine residue of certain cellular and viral proteins.	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
HOXB7	Homeo box B7	Sequence-specific transcription factor, that is part of a developmental regulatory system, which provides cells with specific positional identities on the anterior-posterior axis.	Yes	Yes	Overexpressed genes3
PHB	Prohibitin	Prohibitin inhibits DNA synthesis and has a role in regulating proliferation.	Yes	Yes	Overexpressed genes3
NME1	Nonmetastatic cells 1	Transcription factor and nucleoside diphosphate kinase and has a role in the transcriptional regulation of c-myc expression.	Yes	Yes	Overexpressed genes3
COX11	COX11 homolog, cytochrome c oxidase assembly protein (yeast)	Exerts its effect at some terminal stage of cytochrome c oxidase synthesis, probably by being involved in the insertion of the copper b into subunit 1 (by similarity).	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
AKAP1	A kinase (PRKA) anchor protein 1	Anchors cAMP-dependent protein kinase near its physiological substrates, interacts with both the type I and type II regulatory subunits.	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
KIAA0111	KIAA0111 gene product	Function unknown.	No	No	Overexpressed genes3
DUSP3 4	Dual specificity phosphatase 3 (vaccinia virus phosphatase VHI related)	The protein shows both activity toward tyrosine-protein phosphate as well as with serine-protein phosphate. These phosphatases inactivate their target kinases by dephosphorylating both the phosphoserine/threonine and phosphotyrosine residues.	Yes	Yes	Overexpressed genes3
TBX2 4	T-box 2	Involved in the transcriptional regulation of genes required for mesoderm differentiation.	No	Yes	Overexpressed genes3
SEC14L1 4	SEC14 (S. cerevisiae)-like 1	Belongs to the SEC14 cytosolic factor family. It has similarity to yeast SECl4 and to Japanese flying squid RALBP that suggests a possible role of the gene product in an intracellular transport system.	No	Yes	Overexpressed genes3
CD7 4	CD7 antigen (p41)	Function unknown.	No	Yes	Overexpressed genes3
STAT5A	Signal transducer and activator of transcription 5A	Carries out a dual function: signal transduction and activation of transcription.	No	Yes	Underexpressed genes5
ARHGDIA	Rho GDP dissociation inhibitor (GDI) alpha	Regulates the GDP/GTP exchange reaction of the rho proteins by inhibiting the dissociation of GDP from them, and the subsequent binding of GTP to them (by similarity).	No	No	Underexpressed genes5
TIP-1 4	Tax interaction protein 1	Function unknown.	No	No	Underexpressed genes5
ACADVL	Acyl-Coenzyme A dehydrogenase, very long chain	Active toward esters of long-chain and very-long chain fatty acids such as palmitoyl-CoA and stearoyl-CoA.	No	No	Underexpressed genes5
KIAA0864 4	KIAA0864 protein	Function unknown.	No	No	Underexpressed genes5
IGFBP4 4	Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 4	IGF-binding proteins prolong the half-life of the IGFs and have been shown to either inhibit or stimulate the growth-promoting effects of the IGFs in cell culture. They alter the interaction of IGFs with their cell surface receptors.	Yes	Yes	Underexpressed genes5
SC65 4	Nucleolar autoantigen (55 kDa) similar to rat synaptonemal complex protein	Nucleolar protein associated with chromosomes during mitosis.	No	No	Underexpressed genes5
BECN1	Beclin 1 (coiled-coil, myosin-like BCL2 interacting protein)	May play a role in antiviral host defense. Interacts with bcl-2.	Yes	Yes	Underexpressed genes5
COL1A1 4	Collagen, type 1, alpha 1	Type 1 collagen is a member of group 1 collagen (fibrillar forming collagen).	No	Yes	Underexpressed genes5
P4HB	Procollagen-proline, 2-oxoglutarate 4-dioxygenase (proline 4-hydroxylase), beta polypeptide	Has protein disulfide isomerase activity, catalyzes formation of 4-hydroxyproline in collagens.	No	No	Underexpressed genes5
MAP2K3 4	Mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 3	Catalyzes the concomitant phosphorylation of a threonine and a tyrosine residue in the map kinase p38.	Yes	Yes	Underexpressed genes5
TIMP2 4	Tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 2	Complexes with metalloproteinases (such as collagenases) and irreversibly inactivates them.	Yes	Yes	Underexpressed genes5
LGALS3BP 4	Lectin, galactoside-binding, soluble, 3 binding	Family member of beta-galactoside-binding proteins known to be implicated in modulating cell–cell and cell–matrix interactions.	No	Ye	Underexpressed genes5
