Gene Symbol	Gene name	Primary known cellular functions of the encoded protein
CSE1L	Chromosome segregation 1-like (CSE-1)1	An export receptor for importin alpha, which mediates importin alpha reexport from the nucleus to the cytoplasm after import substrates have been released into the nucleoplasm.
KPNA6	Karyopherin alpha 6	Binds the nuclear localization signal–containing cargo in the cytoplasm and enters the nucleoplasm with its passenger protein.
AHR	Aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR)1	Receptor involved in the biological responses to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons such as DMBA. On activation, translocates into the nucleus; binds xenobiotic response elements; and induces transcription, including gene encoding the cytochrome P450 enzymes CYP1A1, CYP1A2, and CYP1B1.
CTGF	Connective tissue growth factor (CTGF)1	The major connective tissue mitoattractant; promotes proliferation and differentiation of chondrocytes and enhances fibroblast growth factor-induced DNA synthesis.
ECT2	Epithelial cell transforming sequence (ECTS)1	Transforming protein related to Rho-specific exchange factors; expressed in a cell cycle–dependent manner during liver regeneration.
HIF1A	Hypoxia upregulated 1	Member of the HSP70 family; important role in protein folding and secretion in the endoplasmic reticulum; has a cytoprotective role in hypoxia-induced cellular perturbation.
SREBF2	Sterol response element binding protein 2 (SREBP2)	Master transcription regulator for genes involved in metabolism and expression increased during malignant transformation, leading to sustained accelerated cell growth.
MCL1	Myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1 (Mcl-1)	Bcl-2 family member; maintenance of viability but not of proliferation. Possesses strong antiapoptotic function in breast cancer cells and myeloma cells.
LHX1	LIM and SH3 protein 1	An actin-binding protein possibly involved in cytoskeletal organization; overexpressed in breast cancer.
THBS1	Thrombospondin 1	An adhesive glycoprotein that mediates cell-cell and cell-matrix interactions; plays a role in platelet aggregation; inhibits angiogenesis.
TJP1	Tight junction protein 1	A protein located on a cytoplasmic membrane surface of intercellular tight junctions. May be involved in signal transduction at cell-cell junctions.
H1F0	H1 histone family member 0	Linker histone-nucleosome structure.
NAP1L4	Nucleosome assembly protein 1-like 4	Localized in the chromosome region where alterations are associated with breast cancer, Wilms tumors, rhabdomyosarcoma, adrenocortical carcinoma, and ovarian cancer.
HSPE1	Heat shock protein 10 (HSP10)1	A ubiquitous protein, its amino acid sequence is highly conserved among various species from eubacteria to mammalian mitochondria; involved in assisting protein folding.
