Gene Name	Gene ID	Biological Function	Domain
Janus kinase 1	JAK1	Is involved in the interferon-alpha/beta and -gamma signal transduction pathways. The reciprocal interdependence between JAK1 and TYK2 activities in the interferon- alpha pathway, and between JAK1 and JAK2 in the interferon- gamma pathway. Couples cytokine ligand binding to tyrosine phosphorylation of various known signaling proteins and of STAT family of transcription factors.	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
Janus kinase 2	JAK2	A protein tyrosine kinase involved in a specific subset of cytokine receptor signaling pathways. It has been found to be Is required for responses to gamma interferon.	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 1, 91kDa	STAT1	In response to cytokines and growth factors, STAT family members are phosphorylated by the receptor associated kinases, and then form homo- or heterodimers that translocate to the cell nucleus where they act as transcription activators. This protein can be activated by various ligands including interferon-alpha, interferon-gamma, EGF, PDGF and IL6.	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 2	STAT2	Forms a complex with STAT1 and IRF9. Interacts with EP300 and plays role in IFN-? response.	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 3	STAT3	Activated in response to IFNs, EGF, IL5, IL6, HGF, LIF and BMP2. Plays a key role in many cellular processes such as cell growth and apoptosis.	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 4	STAT4	Mediates responses to IL12 in lymphocytes. Regulates the differentiation of T helper cells.	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 5A	STAT5A	Mediates the responses of IL2, IL3, IL7, GM-CSF, erythropoietin, thrombopoietin, and growth hormones. Induce the expression of anti-apoptotic BCL2L1/BCL-X(L).	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 5B	STAT5B	Mediates the signal transduction triggered by various cell ligands, such as IL2, IL4, CSF1, and different growth hormones. It has been shown to be involved in diverse biological processes, such as TCR signaling, apoptosis, adult mammary gland development, and sexual dimorphism of liver gene expression.	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 6	STAT6	Exerts IL4 mediated biological responses. Induce the expression of anti-apoptotic BCL2L1/BCL-X(L). Plays role in differentiation of Th2 cells, expression of cell surface markers, and class switch of immunoglobulins.	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
Protein inhibitor of activated STAT	PIAS1	It inhibits STAT1-mediated gene activation and the DNA binding activity, binds to Gu protein/RNA helicase II/DEAD box polypeptide 21, and interacts with androgen receptor (AR). It functions in testis as a nuclear receptor transcriptional coregulator and may have a role in AR initiation.	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
N-myc (and STAT) interactor	NMI	Interacts with NMYC, CMYC and all STATs except STAT2. Augments STAT-mediated transcription in response to cytokines IL2 and IFN-gamma.	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4/CD152	CTLA4	Negative regulator of T-cell proliferation. Interacts with STAT5 and inhibits STAT5-mediated transcription.	JAK-Stat Signaling Pathway
E1A binding protein p300	EP300	Stimulates transcription through activation of CREB. Co-activator of HIF1A, IRF3, STAT2 and STAT3. Stimulates Foxo1-induced transcription of IGF-binding protein-1. Essential for COX-2 transcriptional activation by proinflammatory mediators. Repressed by SIRT1. Regulates fibronectin expression via PARP and NF-kappaB activation in diabetes.	Transcription Factors (Non-Stat) and Co-Activators
HIF1A hypoxia-inducible factor 1, ? subunit	HIF1A	Plays an essential role in cellular and systemic homeostatic responses to hypoxia.	Transcription Factors (Non-Stat) and Co-Activators
cAMP responsive element binding protein 1	CREB1	Induces transcription of genes in response to hormonal stimulation of the cAMP pathway. Activated by HCV through Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase.	Transcription Factors (Non-Stat) and Co-Activators
Class II, major histocompatibility complex, transactivator	CIITA	Acts as a positive regulator of class II major histocompatibility complex gene transcription, and is referred to as the master control factor for the expression of these genes.	Transcription Factors (Non-Stat) and Co-Activators
Promyelocytic leukemia (PML) protein	PML	This phosphoprotein localizes to nuclear bodies where it functions as a transcription factor and tumor suppressor. Its expression is cell-cycle related and it regulates the p53 response to oncogenic signals.	Transcription Factors (Non-Stat) and Co-Activators
Nuclear factor, interleukin 3 regulated (E4BP4)	NFIL3	Binds and represses viral promoter sequences. Involved in the commitment to cell survival versus apoptosis early B-cell progenitors and the anti-inflammatory response. A delayed-early IL-3-responsive gene.	Transcription Factors (Non-Stat) and Co-Activators
SP110 nuclear body protein	SP110	This gene is a member of the SP100/SP140 family of nuclear body proteins and encodes a leukocyte-specific nuclear body component. The protein can function as an activator of gene transcription and may serve as a nuclear hormone receptor coactivator. In addition, it has been suggested that the protein may play a role in ribosome biogenesis and in the induction of myeloid cell differentiation.	Transcription Factors (Non-Stat) and Co-Activators
CCAAT/enhancer binding protein (C/EBP), beta	CEBPB	Is important in the regulation of genes involved in immune and inflammatory responses and has been shown to bind to the IL-1 response element in the IL-6 gene, as well as to regulatory regions of several acute-phase and cytokine genes.	Transcription Factors (Non-Stat) and Co-Activators
Lymphocyte-specific protein tyrosine kinase	LCK	Encodes a key signaling molecule in the selection and maturation of developing T-cells. LCK localizes to the plasma membrane and pericentrosomal vesicles, and binds to cell surface receptors, including CD4 and CD8, and other signaling molecules.	Other Kinases, Phosphatases and other Signal Transducers (Non-JAK)
LYN kinase (JTK8)	LYN	Negatively regulates signaling pathways through phosphorylation of inhibitory receptors, enzymes, and adaptors. Somewhat paradoxically, it is also a key mediator in several pathways of B cell activation, such as CD19 and CD180. Consequences of Lyn activity are context dependent.	Other Kinases, Phosphatases and other Signal Transducers (Non-JAK)
FYN kinase	FYN	Has been implicated in the control of cell growth. The protein associates with the p85 subunit of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase and interacts with the fyn-binding protein.	Other Kinases, Phosphatases and other Signal Transducers (Non-JAK)
Ras homolog gene family, member C	RHOC	Rho proteins promote reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton and regulate cell shape, attachment, and motility. The protein encoded by this gene is prenylated at its C-terminus, and localizes to the cytoplasm and plasma membrane. It is thought to be important in cell locomotion.	Other Kinases, Phosphatases and other Signal Transducers (Non-JAK)
SMAD family member 3	SMAD3	SMAD proteins are signal transducers and transcriptional modulators that mediate multiple signaling pathways. This protein functions as a transcriptional modulator activated by transforming growth factor-beta.	Other Kinases, Phosphatases and other Signal Transducers (Non-JAK)
Phosphatase and tensin homolog	PTEN	A phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate 3-phosphatase that negatively regulates intracellular levels of phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate in cells and negatively regulates AKT/PKB signaling pathway.	Other Kinases, Phosphatases and other Signal Transducers (Non-JAK)
chemokine (C-C motif) ligand 2 (MCP-1)	CCL2	Displays chemotactic activity for monocytes and basophils but not for neutrophils or eosinophils. It has been implicated in the pathogenesis of diseases characterized by monocytic infiltrates, like psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis and atherosclerosis. It binds to chemokine receptors CCR2 and CCR4.	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
chemokine (C-C motif) ligand 5 (RANTES)	CCL5	Functions as a chemoattractant for blood monocytes, memory T helper cells and eosinophils. It causes the release of histamine from basophils and activates eosinophils. This cytokine is one of the major HIV-suppressive factors produced by CD8+ cells. It functions as one of the natural ligands for the chemokine receptor CCR5.	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Chemokine (C-C motif) ligand 3 (MIP-1?)	CCL3	Involved in the acute inflammatory state through the recruitment and activation of polymorphonuclear leukocytes	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Chemokine (C-C motif) ligand 4 (MIP-1?)	CCL4	Propagates inflammation. Recruits NK cells from circulating peripheral blood.	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Chemokine (C-X-C motif) ligand 10	CXCL10	Binding of this protein to CXCR3 results in pleiotropic effects, including stimulation of monocytes, natural killer and T-cell migration, and modulation of adhesion molecule expression	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Chemokine (C-C motif) receptor 1	CCR1	The ligands of this receptor include macrophage inflammatory protein 1 alpha (MIP-1 alpha), regulated on activation normal T expressed and secreted protein (RANTES), monocyte chemoattractant protein 3 (MCP-3), and myeloid progenitor inhibitory factor-1 (MPIF-1).	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Interleukin 10	IL10	Down-regulates the expression of Th1 cytokines, MHC class II antigens, and costimulatory molecules on macrophages. Enhances B cell survival, proliferation, and antibody production. Blocks NF-kappa B activity. Regulates JAK-STAT signaling pathway. Blockade of IL-10R converts a chronic viral infection into an acute one and prevents the functional exhaustion of memory T cells. The higher levels of IL-10 are associated with a higher risk of an inefficient clearance of the HCV.	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Interleukin 1?	IL1B	Important mediator of the inflammatory response. Involved in a cell proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis. Induces cyclooxygenase-2 (PTGS2/COX2).	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Interleukin 15	IL15	Regulates T and natural killer cell activation and proliferation. Shares many biological activities with IL2. The number of CD8+ memory cells is shown to be controlled by a balance between this cytokine and IL2. Induces the activation of JAK kinases, STAT3, STAT5, and STAT6. Induce the expression of anti-apoptotic BCL2L1/BCL-X(L).	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Interleukin 15 receptor ?	IL15RA	Receptor that specifically binds IL15 with high affinity.	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Interleukin 8	IL8	One of the major mediators of the inflammatory response. This chemokine is secreted by several cell types. It functions as a chemoattractant, and is also a potent angiogenic factor.	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Interleukin 18 (interferon-gamma-inducing factor)	IL18	A proinflammatory cytokine that augments natural killer cell activity in spleen cells, and stimulates interferon gamma production in T-helper type I cells.	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Platelet factor 4 (CXCL4)	PF4	A strong chemoattractant for neutrophils and fibroblasts	Cytokines, Chemokines and their Receptors
Platelet-derived growth factor ?	PDGFA	Mitogenic factor for cells of mesenchymal origin. The decrease in PDGF is shown to be associated with HCV elimination.	Growth Factors and their Receptors
Platelet-derived growth factor ?	PDGFB	This gene product can exist either as a homodimer (PDGF-BB) or as a heterodimer with the platelet-derived growth factor alpha polypeptide (PDGF-AB), where the dimers are connected by disulfide bonds.	Growth Factors and their Receptors
Transforming growth factor ? 1	TGFB1	Negative autocrine growth factor. Dysregulation may result in apoptosis. Suppresses the proliferation and cytotoxicity of natural killer (NK) cells which play critical roles in resolving HCV infection.	Growth Factors and their Receptors
Toll-like receptor 2	TLR2	This gene is expressed most abundantly in peripheral blood leukocytes, and mediates host response to Gram-positive bacteria and yeast via stimulation of NF-kappaB.	Toll-Like Receptors
Toll-like receptor 4	TLR4	This receptor is most abundantly expressed in placenta, and in myelomonocytic subpopulation of the leukocytes. It has been implicated in signal transduction events induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS) found in most gram-negative bacteria. Mutations in this gene have been associated with differences in LPS responsiveness.	Toll-Like Receptors
Toll-like receptor 7	TLR7	Key mediator of innate immunity. Agonists of TLR7 have been shown to have clinical efficacy in HCV patients.	Toll-Like Receptors
Suppressor of cytokine signaling 1	SOCS1	Cytokine-induced STAT inhibitor. Functional cross-modulation between SOCS proteins can stimulate cytokine signaling. Negative regulator in TNF-induced inflammation. Associated with and inhibits the insulin receptor. Inhibited by Hepatitis C virus core protein. Inhibits expression of the antiviral proteins 2,5-OAS and MxA.	Suppressors of Cytokine Signaling
Suppressor of cytokine signaling 6	SOCS6	Cytokine-induced STAT inhibitor. Functional cross-modulation between SOCS proteins can stimulate cytokine signaling. Induced by insulin. Associated with and inhibits the insulin receptor. Decreases the levels of the STAT3 protein in the nucleus.	Suppressors of Cytokine Signaling
Bone marrow stromal cell antigen 2/ tetherin	BST2	Interferon-induced BST2/Tetherin is a broadly acting antivitral protein. It tethers mature viral particles to the plasma membrane. BST2 also inhibits release of enveloped viruses. May play a role in pre-B-cell growth	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
PR domain containing 1, with ZNF domain	PRDM1	This gene encodes a protein that acts as a repressor of beta-interferon gene expression. The protein binds specifically to the PRDI (positive regulatory domain I element) of the beta-IFN gene promoter. Transcription of this gene increases upon virus induction.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
C1orf38 chromosome 1 open reading frame 38	C1ORF38	Interferon-induced involved in differentiation processes	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Pprotein kinase, interferon-inducible double stranded RNA dependent activator	PRKRA	This gene encodes a protein kinase activated by double-stranded RNA which mediates the effects of interferon in response to viral infection.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Protein-kinase, interferon-inducible double stranded RNA dependent inhibitor	PRKRIR	Cellular inhibitor of the RNA-dependent protein kinase (PKR). Regulates the molecular co-chaperone P58IPK.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2-alpha kinase 2 (PKR)	EIF2AK2	Plays a stimulus- and virus-dependent role in apoptotic death and virus multiplication in human cells.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Adenosine deaminase, RNA-specific (IFI4)	ADAR	Enzyme responsible for RNA editing by site-specific deamination of adenosines.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon-? inducible protein 6	IFI6	Directly suppresses HCV replication.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon-? inducible protein 16	IFI16	Interacts with p53 and retinoblastoma-1. Modulates p53 function. Inhibits cell growth in the Ras/Raf signaling pathway.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon-induced protein 44	IFI44	The interferon-alpha (IFN-alpha)-inducible protein associated with HCV infection	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon-induced protein 44-like	IFI44L	Unclear	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Absent in melanoma 2	AIM2	Is a member of the IFI20X /IFI16 family. May control cell proliferation. Is induced by Interferon-gamma	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon-? inducible protein 27	IFI27	Expression in liver predicts treatment response in HCV patients. Protein is localized to the nuclear envelope	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon-? inducible protein 30	IFI30	Lysosomal thiol reductase that at low pH can reduce protein disulfide bonds. Has an important role in MHC class II-restricted antigen processing.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon-induced protein 35	IFI35	Involved in cytokine signaling. Stabilized by NMI protein and destabilized by CKIP-1. Forms complexes with transcription factor B-ATF.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Myxovirus (influenza virus) resistance 1 (IFI78, MxA))	MX1	Dynamin-like large GTPases involved in intracellular vesicle trafficking and organelle homeostasis. Detect viral infection by sensing nucleocapsid-like structures. As a consequence, these viral components are trapped and sorted to locations where they become unavailable for the generation of new virus particles.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Myxovirus (influenza virus) resistance 2 (MxB)	MX2		Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon regulatory factor 1	IRF1	Serves as an activator of interferons alpha and beta transcription, and in mouse it has been shown to be required for double-stranded RNA induction of these genes. IRF1 also functions as a transcription activator of genes induced by interferons alpha, beta, and gamma. Further, IRF1 has been shown to play roles in regulating apoptosis and tumor-suppression.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon regulatory factor 2	IRF2	Competitively inhibits the IRF1-mediated transcriptional activation of interferons ? and ?, and presumably other genes that employ IRF1 for transcription activation. Also functions as a transcriptional activator of histone H4.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon regulatory factor 3	IRF3	IRF3 is found in an inactive cytoplasmic form that upon serine/threonine phosphorylation forms a complex with CREBBP. This complex translocates to the nucleus and activates the transcription of interferons ? and ?, as well as other interferon-induced genes.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon regulatory factor 4	IRF4	One of the lymphoid-specific components that control the ability of T lymphocytes to produce a distinctive array of cytokines. Modulates the efficiency of the Fas-mediated death signal.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon regulatory factor 5	IRF5	IRF5 plays a critical role in IFN- ? and ? production induced by conventional TLR7 and TLR9 ligands. Activated by expression of TANK-binding kinase 1 and by inhibitor of NF-kappaB kinase-epsilon.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon regulatory factor 7	IRF7	Plays a role in the transcriptional activation of virus-inducible cellular genes, including interferon beta chain genes. Inducible expression of IRF7 is largely restricted to lymphoid tissue.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon regulatory factor 8	IRF8	Transcription factor that regulate expression of genes stimulated by IFN ? and ? in viral infection. Mice with IRF8 deletion have defects in the macrophage function, including the ability to induce interleukin-12 (IL-12) p40 and some IFN-gamma-responsible genes.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
ISG15 ubiquitin-like modifier	ISG15	Ubiquitin homolog that is rapidly up-regulated after viral infection, and it conjugates to a wide array of host proteins. Previously shown to be differentially expressed between HepC treatment responders and all nonresponders.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon stimulated exonuclease gene 20kDa	ISG20	An interferon-inducible 3-5 exonuclease that inhibits replication of several human and animal RNA viruses.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon (alpha, beta and omega) receptor 1	IFNAR1	Binding and activation of the receptor stimulates Janus protein kinases, which in turn phosphorylate several proteins, including STAT1 and STAT2. The encoded protein also functions as an antiviral factor.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon (alpha, beta and omega) receptor 2	IFNAR2	A type I membrane protein that forms one of the two chains of a receptor for interferons alpha and beta. Binding and activation of the receptor stimulates Janus protein kinases, which in turn phosphorylate several proteins, including STAT1 and STAT2.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon gamma receptor 2	IFNGR2	Non-ligand-binding beta chain of the gamma interferon receptor.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon gamma receptor 1	IFNGR1	Ligand-binding chain of the heterodimeric gamma interferon receptor.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon-induced protein with tetratricopeptide repeats 1	IFIT1	An antiviral protein that recognizes 5-triphosphate RNA.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon-induced protein with tetratricopeptide repeats 2/IFI54	IFIT2	Previously shown to be upregulated in PBMCs after 120 h of continuous PEG-IFN-? 2b treatment. Is induced by either IRF-3 or IFN stimulated gene factor 3 (ISGF3).	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon-induced protein with tetratricopeptide repeats 3	IFIT3	Potentiates antiviral signaling by bridging MAVS and TBK1.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon-induced protein with tetratricopeptide repeats 5	IFIT5	Not clear	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon induced transmembrane protein 1	IFITM1	Restricts HIV, filoviruses, SARS coronavirus, and influenza A	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon induced transmembrane protein 2 (1-8D)	IFITM2	Not clear. Inhibits viral infections.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Interferon induced transmembrane protein 3	IFITM3	Not clear. Inhibits viral infections.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Allograft inflammatory factor 1	AIF1	Is induced by cytokines and interferon. Is involved in negative regulation of growth of vascular smooth muscle cells, which contributes to the anti-inflammatory response to vessel wall trauma. Mediates activation of macrophages.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
2,5-oligoadenylate synthetase 1, 40/46kDa (IFI4)	OAS1	Is induced by interferons and uses adenosine triphosphate in 2-specific nucleotidyl transfer reactions to synthesize 2,5-oligoadenylates (2-5As) that activates latent RNase L, which results in viral RNA degradation and the inhibition of viral replication.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
2-5-oligoadenylate synthetase 2, 69/71kDa	OAS2		Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
2-5-oligoadenylate synthetase 3, 100kDa	OAS3		Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
2-5-oligoadenylate synthetase-like	OASL	Not clear	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Ribonuclease L	RNASEL	A component of the interferon-regulated 2-5A system that functions in the antiviral and antiproliferative roles of interferons.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Guanylate binding protein 1, interferon-inducible, 67kDa	GBP1	Binds guanine nucleotides (GMP, GDP, and GTP). Is selectively induced by inflammatory cytokines and is an activation marker of endothelial cells during inflammatory diseases.	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Guanylate binding protein 2, interferon-inducible	GBP2	Binds guanine nucleotides (GMP, GDP, and GTP).	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Phospholipid scramblase 1	PLSCR1	an IFN-stimulated gene. Provides a mechanism for amplifying and enhancing the IFN response through increased expression of a select subset of potent antiviral genes	Direct Effectors and Regulators of Interferon Signaling
Proteasome subunit, beta type, 8 (large multifunctional peptidase 7)	PSMB8	A member of the proteasome B-type family. Expression of PSMB8 is induced by gamma interferon. Replaces catalytic subunit 3 (proteasome beta 5 subunit) in the immunoproteasome.	Protein Degradation and MHC Processing
Proteasome  subunit, beta type, 9 (large multifunctional peptidase 2)	PSMB9	A member of the proteasome B-type family. Expression of PSMB8 is induced by gamma interferon. Replaces catalytic subunit 1 (proteasome beta 6 subunit) in the immunoproteasome.	Protein Degradation and MHC Processing
Proteasome activator subunit 1 (PA28 alpha)	PSME1	Regulator part of the immunoproteasome that processes class I MHC peptides. PSME1 gene encodes the alpha subunit of the 11S regulator, one of the two 11S subunits that is induced by gamma-interferon.	Protein Degradation and MHC Processing
Proteasome activator subunit 2 (PA28 beta)	PSME2	Regulator part of the immunoproteasome that processes class I MHC peptides. PSME2 gene encodes the beta subunit of the 11S regulator, one of the two 11S subunits that is induced by gamma-interferon.	Protein Degradation and MHC Processing
Negative regulator of ubiquitin-like proteins 1	NUB1	Facilitator of proteasome degradation. Interacts with and negatively regulates NEDD8, a ubiquitin-like protein that covalently conjugates to cullin family members.	Protein Degradation and MHC Processing
Leucine aminopeptidase 3	LAP3	Trims epitope precursors from the amino terminus to their correct size for MHC class I binding to enhance antigen presentation.	Protein Degradation and MHC Processing
Beta-2-microglobulin	B2M	Beta chain of MHC class I molecules	Protein Degradation and MHC Processing
B-cell CLL/lymphoma 2	BCL2	Encodes an integral outer mitochondrial membrane protein that blocks the apoptotic death of some cells such as lymphocytes.	Apoptosis Related
B-cell translocation gene 1, anti-proliferative	BTG1	Bcl-2-regulated mediator of apoptosis. Its induction contributes to antisense Bcl-2-mediated cytotoxic effects.	Apoptosis Related
BCL2-associated athanogene	BAG1	Enhances the anti-apoptotic effects of BCL2	Apoptosis Related
Fas/CD95	FAS	Fas introduces apoptosis-inducing signals into cells and is implicated in peripheral lymphocyte regulation, elimination of autoreactive cells and virus-infected cells, Activates NF-kB, MAPK3/ERK1, and MAPK8/JNK. Plasma levels may be a marker for chronic hepatitis C infections.	Apoptosis Related
Inhibitor of kappa light polypeptide gene enhancer in B-cells, kinase ?/ IKK2/ IKK- ?	IKBKB	Phosphorylates multiple p65 sites, as well as in an IkB-p65 complex. Slightly reduces TNF-? and IL-1 ?-induced NF-kB activation. Is involved in NF-kB mediated gene transcription of pro-inflammatory cytokines. HCV core suppresses IKK signalsome activity through binding to IKK-?, which blunts COX-2 expression in macrophages.	Apoptosis Related
Inhibitor of kappa light polypeptide gene enhancer in B-cells, kinase epsilon	IKBKE	IKBKE is a noncanonical I-kappa-B kinase (IKK) that is essential for regulating antiviral signaling pathways.	Apoptosis Related
Nuclear factor of kappa light polypeptide gene enhancer in B-cells 2 (p49/p100)	NFKB2	Encodes one of the NF-kappaB family of transcription factors that have key roles in regulating immunity, stress responses, apoptosis, and differentiation.	Apoptosis Related
Inhibitor of kappa light polypeptide gene enhancer in B-cells, kinase gamma	IKBKG	This gene encodes the regulatory subunit of the inhibitor of kappaB kinase (IKK) complex, which activates NF-kappaB resulting in activation of genes involved in inflammation, immunity, cell survival, and other pathways	Apoptosis Related
TRAF family member-associated NFKB activator/ I-TRAF	TANK	Transduces signals from members of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily. Can bind to TRAF1, TRAF2, or TRAF3, thereby inhibiting TRAF function by sequestering the TRAFs in a latent state in the cytoplasm. TANK may be a critical adaptor that regulates the assembly of the TANK-binding kinase 1-inducible IkB kinase complex with upstream signaling molecules in multiple antiviral pathways.	Apoptosis Related
TNF receptor-associated factor 6	TRAF6	Mediates signals from CD40, TNFSF11/RANCE and IL-1 Interacts with IRAK1/IRAK, SRC and PKCzeta, which provides a link between distinct signaling pathways. Signal transducer in the NF-kB pathway that activates IkB kinase (IKK) in response to proinflammatory cytokines through interaction with ubiquitin conjugating enzymes.	Apoptosis Related
CASP8 and FADD-like apoptosis regulator	CFLAR	Is structurally similar to caspase-8. However, the encoded protein lacks caspase activity and appears to be itself cleaved into two peptides by caspase-8.	Apoptosis Related
TNFRSF1A-associated via death domain	TRADD	Encodes a death domain containing adaptor molecule that interacts with TNFRSF1A/TNFR1 and mediates programmed cell death signaling and NF-kappaB activation. This protein binds adaptor protein TRAF2, reduces the recruitment of inhibitor-of-apoptosis proteins (IAPs) by TRAF2, and thus suppresses TRAF2 mediated apoptosis. This protein can also interact with receptor TNFRSF6/FAS and adaptor protein FADD/MORT1, and is involved in the Fas-induced cell death pathway.	Apoptosis Related
Intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (CD54)	ICAM1	Is typically expressed on endothelial cells and cells of the immune system. ICAM1 binds to integrins of type CD11a / CD18, or CD11b / CD18. Serum levels of sICAM-1 are significantly higher in HCV-RNA positive patients	Cytoskeleton and Extracellular Matrix Related
Selectin L (lymphocyte adhesion molecule 1)	SELL	Cell surface component. A member of a family of adhesion/homing receptors which play important roles in leukocyte-endothelial cell interactions.	Cytoskeleton and Extracellular Matrix Related
Catenin (cadherin-associated protein), beta 1, 88kDa	CTNNB1	Adherens junction protein. Coactivator with Lef/Tcf transcription. Wnt signal increases the cytoplasmic free pool of beta-catenin that translocates into the nucleus. Is also activated by integrin-linked kinase (ILK) pathway.	Cytoskeleton and Extracellular Matrix Related
Lectin, galactoside-binding, soluble, 9 (galectin 9)	LGALS9	S-type lectin implicated in modulating cell-cell and cell-matrix interactions.	Cytoskeleton and Extracellular Matrix Related
Syndecan binding protein (syntenin)	SDCBP	Affects cytoskeletal-membrane organization, cell adhesion, protein trafficking, and the activation of transcription factors.	Cytoskeleton and Extracellular Matrix Related
Thymosin beta 4, X-linked	TMSB4X	An actin sequestering protein which plays a role in regulation of actin polymerization. The protein is also involved in cell proliferation, migration, and differentiation.	Cytoskeleton and Extracellular Matrix Related
Matrix metallopeptidase 9 (gelatinase B)	MMP9	Degrades type IV and V collagens. Is involved in IL-8-induced mobilization of hematopoietic progenitor cells from bone marrow. MMP-9 gene polymorphisms account for some of the variability in the progression of HCV-related chronic liver diseases.	Proteases and Related Proteins
ADAM metallopeptidase domain 9 (meltrin gamma)	ADAM9	Modulator of cell-cell and cell-matrix interactions. Involved in monocyte fusion.	Proteases and Related Proteins
Plasminogen activator, urokinase receptor	PLAUR	Receptor for urokinase plasminogen activator. Influences many processes related to localized degradation of the extracellular matrix.	Proteases and Related Proteins
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1)	SERPINE1	Involved in wound healing, atherosclerosis, obesity and insulin resistance, tumor angiogenesis, chronic stress and fibrosis. It is not always clear if these functions depend on the antiproteolytic activity of PAI-1, on its binding to vitronectin or on its intereference with cellular migration or matrix binding.	Proteases and Related Proteins
Guanosine monophosphate reductase	GMPR	Catalyzes the irreversible and NADPH-dependent reductive deamination of GMP to IMP. Plays a critical role in re-utilization of free intracellular bases and purine nucleosides.	Cytoplasmic Enzymes
Tryptophanyl-tRNA synthetase	WARS	Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases catalyze the aminoacylation of tRNA by their cognate amino acid.	Cytoplasmic Enzymes
Tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase	YARS	Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases catalyze the aminoacylation of tRNA by their cognate amino acid. Cytokine activities have also been observed for the human tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase, as its N-terminal fragment is an interleukin-8-like cytokine, whereas the released C-terminal fragment is an EMAP II-like cytokine.	Cytoplasmic Enzymes
Threonyl-tRNA synthetase	TARS	Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases catalyze the aminoacylation of tRNA by their cognate amino acid.	Cytoplasmic Enzymes
Glutathione peroxidase 1	GPX1	Detoxifies hydrogen peroxide	Cytoplasmic Enzymes
Lipase A, lysosomal acid, cholesterol esterase	LIPA	Functions in the lysosome to catalyze the hydrolysis of cholesteryl esters and triglycerides.	Cytoplasmic Enzymes
Cytochrome c oxidase assembly homolog	COX17	This nuclear gene encodes a protein which is not a structural subunit, but may be involved in the recruitment of copper to mitochondria for incorporation into the COX apoenzyme.	Cytoplasmic Enzymes
GTP binding protein 2	GTPBP2	GTP-binding protein	Miscellaneous
Ras homolog gene family, member C	RHOC	A member of the Rho family of small GTPases	Miscellaneous
Adaptor-related protein complex 3, mu 2 subunit	AP3M2	A subunit of the heterotetrameric adaptor-related protein complex 3 (AP-3) that plays a role in protein trafficking to lysosomes and specialized organelles.	Miscellaneous
SP100 nuclear antigen	SP100	This gene encodes a subnuclear organelle and major component of the PML (promyelocytic leukemia)-SP100 nuclear bodies. PML and SP100 are covalently modified by the SUMO-1 modifier, which is considered crucial to nuclear body interactions. The encoded protein binds heterochromatin proteins. Genes that are upregulated by SP100 have antimigratory or antiangiogenic properties.	Miscellaneous
Single-stranded DNA binding protein 1	SSBP1	is a housekeeping gene involved in mitochondrial biogenesis. It is also a subunit of a single-stranded DNA (ssDNA)-binding complex involved in the maintenance of genome stability.	Miscellaneous
DEAH (Asp-Glu-Ala-His) box polypeptide 9 (DHX9)	DHX9	DEAD box protein with RNA helicase activity. It may participate in melting of DNA:RNA hybrids, such as those that occur during transcription, and may play a role in X-linked gene expression. Interacts with NF-kappa B p65 and functions as a transcriptional coactivator.	Miscellaneous
Transporter 1, ATP-binding cassette, sub-family B (MDR/TAP)	TAP1	Involved in the pumping of degraded cytosolic peptides across the endoplasmic reticulum into the membrane-bound compartment where class I molecules assemble	Miscellaneous
Transporter 2, ATP-binding cassette, sub-family B (MDR/TAP) [	TAP2	Involved in antigen presentation.	Miscellaneous
ATPase, H+ transporting, lysosomal 21kDa, V0 subunit b	ATP6V0B	A component of vacuolar ATPase (V-ATPase), a multisubunit enzyme that mediates acidification of eukaryotic intracellular organelles.	Miscellaneous
Split hand/foot malformation (ectrodactyly) type 1	SHFM1	Directly interacts with BRCA2. May play a role in the completion of the cell cycle.	Miscellaneous
CD58 molecule (LFA-3)	CD58	Plays a central role for naive and memory T helper cells during the early phase of an immune response. The LFA-3/CD2 pathway initiates strong antigen-independent cell adhesion, substantial expansion of naive T helper cells, and induction of large amounts of IFN-gamma in memory cells. The level of CD58 molecule (in both serum and PBMC form) of patients with hepatitis B is related to the degree of liver damage	Miscellaneous
CD47 molecule	CD47	Membrane protein involved in the increase in intracellular calcium concentration that occurs upon cell adhesion to extracellular matrix. A receptor for the C-terminal cell binding domain of thrombospondin. May play a role in membrane transport and signal transduction.	Miscellaneous
CD81 molecule	CD81	A cell surface glycoprotein that is known to complex with integrins. This protein appears to promote muscle cell fusion and support myotube maintenance. Also it may be involved in signal transduction.	Miscellaneous
Myeloid cell nuclear differentiation antigen	MNDA	Is detected only in nuclei of cells of the granulocyte-monocyte lineage. Is significantly upregulated in human monocytes exposed to interferon alpha.	Miscellaneous
Cytochrome c oxidase assembly homolog	COX17	The terminal component of the mitochondrial respiratory chain that catalyzes the electron transfer from reduced cytochrome c to oxygen.	Miscellaneous
Tripartite motif containing 14	TRIM14	A member of the tripartite motif (TRIM) family. Function is unclear	Miscellaneous
Tripartite motif containing 22	TRIM22	This protein localizes to the cytoplasm and its expression is induced by interferon. The protein down-regulates transcription from the HIV-1 LTR promoter region, suggesting that function of this protein may be to mediate interferons antiviral effects.	Miscellaneous
Tripartite motif containing 26	TRIM26	A member of the tripartite motif (TRIM) family. Function is unclear	Miscellaneous
Tripartite motif containing 34	TRIM34	A member of the tripartite motif (TRIM) family. Function is unclear. Expression of this gene is up-regulated by interferon.	Miscellaneous
